docs: json output schema (#382)
agno-agi/docs: basics/input-output/team/usage/json-schema-output.mdx

---
title: "JSON Schema Output"
description: "Use JSON dict schema for structured team output"
---

> This example demonstrates how to use a JSON dict schema directly instead of a Pydantic model for structured team output. This is useful when you need to use provider-specific schema formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When providing your Team with a structured output format to follow, you will normally prefer to do so using a Pydantic model. You can read more about structured outputs [here](https://docs.agno.com/examples/getting-started/05-structured-output#structured-output).

If you need to use provider-specific schema formats, you can also use a simple JSON dict as schema, instead of a Pydantic model. For example:
```
